                                   Crunchy Data

                  Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes Terms of Use

Crunchy Data Solutions, Inc. (Crunchy Data) has integrated the Crunchy Data
distribution of PostgreSQL and the PostgreSQL Operator as the commercial product,
Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes. This Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes Terms
of Use establishes a framework that will enable Crunchy Data to provide Crunchy
Data packaged open source software, made available as a series of containers (the
"Crunchy Data Software"), to users, subject to applicable terms and conditions.
 
By using or accessing the Crunchy Data Software, the using or accessing party
agrees to applicable terms and conditions and agrees that the applicable terms as
set forth in this Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes Terms of Use will govern the
use of the Crunchy Data Software unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Crunchy
Data and the using or accessing party.  If at any time the applicable terms are
no longer acceptable to the using or accessing party, the using or accessing
party should immediately cease all use of the Crunchy Data Software.

For users with a valid Crunchy Data subscription agreement, unless otherwise
agreed to in writing, the use of Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes, including the
use of each of the containers included therein, by users with a valid Crunchy
Data subscription agreement, for both development and production purposes, is
subject to the Crunchy Data Terms of Use (the "Crunchy Data Terms of Use")
located at:

 * https://access.crunchydata.com/EULA

Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes constitutes Crunchy Data Software under the
Crunchy Data Terms of Use and its use is not intended to prohibit the rights
under any open source license.

For users without a valid Crunchy Data subscription agreement, the Crunchy Data
Software is provided for use under the Crunchy Data Developer Program.  Unless
otherwise agreed to in writing, the use of Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes,
including the use of each of the containers included therein, is subject to the
Crunchy Data Developer Program Terms of Use (the "Developer Terms of Use"):

 * https://www.crunchydata.com/developers/terms-of-use

Crunchy PostgreSQL for Kubernetes constitutes Crunchy Developer Software under
the Crunchy Data Developer Program Terms of Use and its use is not intended to
prohibit the rights under any open source license.
